c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\cinevo_mvc.dll.config
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\cinevo_mvc.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\cinevo_mvc.pdb
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\obj\Debug\cinevo_mvc.dll
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\obj\Debug\cinevo_mvc.pdb
c:\users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\obj\Debug\cinevo_mvc.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\cesco\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\cinevo_mvc\cinevo_mvc\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
